Hi,

My name is Sreeprasad and I am passionate about technology.

I enjoy cultivating enjoyable experience for users through meaningful interaction. I work on test first principle and love the transition of the Idea to Prototype to Testing to Products and then scaling to incredible levels.  I strongly believe in JUnits test-driven development and code to design patterns. I have always tried to learn by coding side projects. 


Appway offers smart solution solutions that scale. I want to work with high pace team to build scalable solutions that provide the best possible products for business and customers. I love to re-factor code to design principles and always code to an interface. Appway build and optimize solutions that offers scalable services to business. I want to work in Appway's challenging environment to offer solutions through creative insights.


My name is Sreeprasad and I am passionate about software development. I enjoy transitioning ideas to products that simplify problems and adds value to users. I love to take ownership of work to code using design patterns and always strive to write clean testable code. I love to integrate micro services that operate cohesively to produce scalable applications. Appway allows me to work on all part of the business and exposes me to work quickly on new technologies and work cohesively with a challenging team to build products that leverage big data and analytics. I am passionate about building products that offers insights from real time feed that delivers quality solutions through creative insig




As a smart software development engineer you will help us take Appway to the next level. We build and optimize whatever is necessary to provide the best possible products for our business and our customers; from core back end development, to service interfaces and extensions, to web front ends. We work with teams across Appway to promote smart solutions that scale. We will continue to innovate and find new ways to provide the most effective user experience possible. We look for peopl


I love to work on new technologies and learn from creative developers and would love to interview at Plymouth Rock assurance.

FILD helps recruiters focus better and make better and informed decisions using data. I want to work 

 Often, having more data can elevate a recruiter from good to amazing. That’s another difference FILD provides. We combine best-in-class technology with talented recruiters who have a laser-like focus on customer service. FILD provides superior tools and training to ensure our recruiters are better informed and more savvy than our competition. So what exactly does this secret formula yield for our clients and candidates? Well, you’ll just have to work with us to find out. We look forward to working with you!


Sincerely,
Sreeprasad



Thank you.

Sincerely,
Sreeprasad
